docs: createAsyncThunk: Handling Thunk Errors (#696)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/api/createAsyncThunk.md

}
```

## Handling Thunk Errors

Generally, whenever something is `throw`n during the execution of your `payloadCreator`, that will lead to a `rejected` action to be dispatched and returned from the thunk's promise, so if you are doing `await dispatch(myThunk())`, you will also get that rejected action - not, as you might expect on first thought, a Promise rejection. This is due to the fact that we want to prevent uncaught promise rejections for those who do not use the result of `dispatch`.

Either way, that rejected action will have the object that was `throw`n as `action.meta.error`. However, to ensure serializability, everything that does not match the interface

```ts
export interface SerializedError {
  name?: string
  message?: string
  stack?: string
  code?: string
}
```

will have been removed from it.

> If you want to pass out additional information or information in another shape, instead of `throw`ing it, you can use the `api.rejectWithValue` method instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the scenario that you're able to make use of a specific error shape with known properties in your reducers or components, you should use the `thunkAPI.rejectWithValue` method instead of `throw`ing an error.
```

Reviewer: Clarity & context suggestion. We also reference `thunkAPI` everywhere else, so we should at least keep that standard.

Additional text that may be useful at the end of this: "This is particularly common when expecting field-level validation errors from an API."
